
Introduction::::::::::::::

      Myntra is a one stop shop for all your fashion and lifestyle needs. Being India's largest e-commerce store for fashion and lifestyle products, Myntra aims at providing a hassle free and enjoyable shopping experience to shoppers across the country with the widest range of brands and products on its portal. The brand is making a conscious effort to bring the power of fashion to shoppers with an array of the latest and trendiest products available in the country.



Value proposition::::::::


       Myntra's value proposition revolves around giving consumers the power and ease of purchasing fashion and lifestyle products online. Offerings such as the largest in-season product catalogue, 100% authentic products, cash on delivery and 30 day return policy make Myntra, the preferred shopping destination in the country. To make online shopping easier for you, a dedicated customer connect team is on standby to answer your queries 24x7.



Brands:::::::::::::

     Myntra understands its shoppers' needs and caters to them with choice of apparel, accessories, cosmetics and footwear from over 500 leading Indian and international brands. Prominent brands include Adidas, Nike, Puma, Catwalk, Inc 5, United Colors of Benetton, FCUK, Timberland, Avirate, FabIndia and Biba to name a few. You can also shop from some recently introduced labels such as - Roadster, Sher Singh, Dressberry, Kook N Keech and ETC.



THe Client:::::::::::

    Myntra is a popular Indian fashion brand that has made a name for itself in the e-commerce space. The brand is known for offering a wide range of clothing, footwear, and accessories for men, women, and children. Myntra is also known for its association with Walmart, which acquired a majority stake in the brand in 2018. The brand has also launched several successful private labels and collaborated with over 3,000 brands, making it one of the largest e-commerce platforms in India.



The Objective:::::::::::::

Myntra targeted to increase organic performance specifically in the Clothing and Footwear category :

Increase in Sessions by 65%
Increase in Users by 65%
Increase in Revenue


The Adavantages::::::::::::::

Along with priority customer support and free delivery on all orders, there are free vouchers from various partner brands to be won. Anyone can join the program, and one simply needs to buy products from Myntra to accumulate reward points.


The Challenge::::::::::::::

1.Informative Content, Title & Meta Descriptions
2.Implementing FAQ’s, Videos and Rating Schema
3.Curate Informative Content and a Dynamic Price Table on List Pages
4.Update Contextual Links to Boost Page Rankings


The Result::::::::::::::::

Myntra has been able to achieve significant growth in their organic sessions and user base for both clothing and footwear with the help of the Infidigit team. This has led to improved visibility on search engine results pages (SERP) and increased popularity for Myntra in both categories. Infidigit has been instrumental in helping Myntra achieve these results through their expertise in organic media (SEO), leading to enhanced clicks and improved return on investment (ROI) for both clothing and footwear categories. Overall, Infidigit’s efforts have helped Myntra establish a strong presence in the online fashion market.



Online shopping or eCommerce sites mainly cut the middle chain present between manufacturer and end customer, thereby directly effecting the selling price offered to end customer.
Typically, for a product to reach from manufacturer to customer, in a brick and mortar model, it has go thru wholesaler, stockist and retailer.
But the eCommerce websites deal (generally) with manufacturer, they stock the items in their own warehouses, and supply the items from there.



Advantages:::::::::::::::::::::::::

Convenience
Better Prices
More Variety
Easy to Send Gifts
More Control
Easy Price Comparisons
No Crowds
No Sales Pressure
Access to Used or Damaged Inventory
Privacy for Discreet Purchases



