1. Smartphone:::

        The most common and essential electronic gadget with which we spend most of our time is our mobile phone. They are no lnger the regular feature phones, they have become smarter and our go-to device for entertainment, gaming, photography, and more.

OnePlus 8T is one such smartphone that hits each chord right, whether it’s the flagship processor, cameras, display, battery life, or charging speeds. Moreover, it is one of the few smartphones to be 5G ready.

2. Smart TV:::::::

       Televisions have become smarter with Android and other operating software coming in the play. You can stream online content directly on your TV using various built-in apps and OTT platforms via Wi-Fi or Ethernet connection. Now you have the freedom to watch your favourite movies, listen to your favourite music, and play games on your smart TV without using any other peripheral or console.

Mi TV 4X 43 is one of the most popular smart TVs available online. It offers 4K Ultra HD resolution with dual band Wi-Fi connectivity and runs Android TV 9 OS. It comes with Google Play Store that lets you download your favourite apps on your TV and double the fun and entertainment.

3. Smart Speaker::::::

       Smart speakers are the most multi-functional devices you can own. They are not only mere music players but can help control smart home devices too. They come with voice assistants that can answer your most ordinary or confusing questions.

Amazon Echo is one of the most popular smart speakers that can handle podcasts, music, news, or whatever tasks you use AI voice assistants for. It uses the Alexa assistant and app to control your smart home devices or answer your queries.

4. Smart Wi-Fi Bulb:::::::::

        Everything around us has become smart, even the LED-based bulbs that can be controlled by a smart hub or mobile app. Smart bulbs have become an essential in homes and are easier to setup and control. They offer you the right lighting and color hues for every mood.

Wipro Wi-Fi Smart Bulb fits into the standard bulb holders and connects to your Wi-Fi network using the mobile app to be controlled using a finger tap or voice assistants.


5.Smartwatch::::::

       A must-have accessory for fitness enthusiasts or fashionistas, a smartwatch adds to your style while also tracking your activities, workout, monitors heart rate, blood oxygen levels, and more. Samsung Galaxy Watch 3 is one cool smart gadget that comes with advanced health monitoring and even offers features like playing music, quick reply to messages or answering calls.

