Apple MacBook Air M2::::::::::::::

Thanks to a new design, a larger display (13.6 inches versus the previous 13.3 inches), a faster M2 chip and a long-awaited upgrade to a higher-res webcam, the 2022 version of the MacBook Air remains our top choice for the most universally useful laptop in Apple's lineup, with one caveat.

Still, we like everything else about it and it's our first choice if you're considering an Air and don't mind spending more.

Pros:
Bigger, brighter screen
A high-res webcam
Excellent performance and battery life


Cons:
More expensive than the model it replaces
New power adapter is a paid upgrade on some configs
New webcam adds a screen notch


Dell XPS 13::::::::::::::::

The Dell XPS 13 is a perennial favorite for its size, weight and performance as well as overall good looks. For 2022, Dell made the XPS 13 even smaller and lighter, kept its sub-$999 starting price the same, and dropped in the latest 12th-gen Intel processors. 

Pros:
All-aluminum design gives it a polished, modern look
Excellent battery life
Good configurations are reasonably priced

Cons:
No audio jack
Lower-power chips hold back performance
Clicky touchpad


Apple MacBook Air M1::::::::::::::::

Despite the availability of the new bigger and better M2 MacBook Air, the M1 MacBook Air (one of the first to switch from Intel to Apple silicon) is staying around and that's a good thing. As Apple's entry-level laptop it is still our go-to recommendation for a MacOS laptop for basic everyday use. It has great performance and long battery life -- up to 18 hours -- and is a solid choice for school or work.

Pros:
Great battery life and performance
Fanless design runs cool and quiet
Cons:
No external design or feature changes
Still more expensive than equally capable Windows laptops


Lenovo Yoga 7i Gen 7 (14-inch)::::::::::::::::

Lenovo's thin, 3-pound convertible is a solid choice for anyone who needs a laptop for office or schoolwork. The all-metal chassis gives it a premium look and feel, and it has a comfortable keyboard and a responsive, smooth touchpad. Though it's light on extra features compared to its premium linemate, the Yoga 9i, it has a more affordable price. It does have one of Lenovo's sliding shutters for its webcam that gives you privacy when you want it. And it has a long battery life to boot, at 12 hours, 45 minutes in our tests. 

Pros:
Great battery life with strong performance
Premium look and feel
1080p webcam
Fingerprint reader and facial recognition for fast sign-ins
Cons:
Memory soldered on
USB-C ports all on left side
Prices can vary wildly depending on sales



HP Pavilion Aero 13:::::::::::::::

HP packed a lot of value into the Aero 13: Eye-pleasing magnesium-aluminum chassis, strong processing performance, long battery life, a bright, colorful display and a weight of just 2 pounds (0.94 kilogram). Amazingly, with all that it offers though, it doesn't break the bank in terms of price: It starts at just over $500 and is about $1,300 fully loaded. If you want something a bit larger with more to offer when it comes to components, consider the HP Pavilion 14 instead or any of our other picks for the best laptops on a budget.

Pros:
Weighs under 2.2 pounds
Long battery life
Excellent performance for everyday tasks
Cons:
Backlit keyboard not standard
No touchscreen option
Memory is soldered on